Hello friends, my name is Abhishek G and
welcome to my channel Invest Shoyo. Friends,
10-15 years ago, no one understood health insurance,
and whoever understood it, used to
write sum insurance of maximum 3 to 5 lakhs, but as time passed,
people understood medical inflation,
people's lifestyle kept changing and
Corona also taught us a lot, so
today, when a person
thinks of health insurance, he looks for a sum insurance of at least 10 lakhs or 20 lakhs,
but the company
somewhere understood the customer's requirement
and now the company is bringing higher sum insurance at an
affordable price, first Care,
then Money Pass Cigna and now ISI
Lord has launched its higher sum insurance plan
at an affordable premium, in which you
get all the things that you look for in a good plan,
so let's understand this plan in detail.
Before moving ahead in the video,
friends, I request all of you, if you have
come to our channel for the first time, then please
subscribe so that all of you  Keep
getting such great information and at the end,
if you like the video, please like and share. So
let's understand this product in detail.
First, let's talk about the sum
assured. The minimum sum assured in this product
is 1 crore and the maximum sum assured
is unlimited. Yes,
friends, you heard it right. The
company will keep giving you as much as you want, as long as you want, as long as
you want a claim from the company. Although, as of today,
this unlimited option
seems a bit strange to me, but I
can say with confidence that in the future, other health
insurance companies will also bring unlimited options.
Now, let's talk about the entry age
eligibility. In this product, the minimum
entry age is 91 days and the maximum entry age
is 65 years. If you are taking a family flood
policy, then your child
can stay in this policy for 20 years, after which
he will have to leave. Now, let's talk about the
product variants. The company has
given two variants in this product - Classic and
Premium. First, let's talk about the room rent.
In this product, you
get a single private AC room.  Next is
pre- and post-hospital expenses.
Here, the company is providing
up to 60 days of cover for pre-hospitalization
and
up to 180 days of cover for post-hospital expenses.
Next is road ambulance. Here, the
company is providing road ambulance service up to ₹1,000,000.
Friends, I
see a slight shortcoming here. As of today,
in other health insurance plans, the
company provides up to sum insured coverage
in case of road ambulance, but here, the
limit is up to ₹10,000. At the
same time, friends, we also need to see
that the company is providing you higher sum assured here.
At an affordable price, the
company will definitely make some cuts somewhere. Let's move ahead.
Now, let's talk about day care
treatment. Here, the company
provides up to sum assured for all day care treatment. Along with this, the
company is also providing up to sum assured coverage for organ donor, AYUSH treatment, domus
hospitalization, biomedical surgery, and modern
treatments.
Now, let's talk about no
claim bonus.  That is, if there is no
claim in your policy, then the company
increases your base summation. So here the
company increases the no claim bonus for every claim-free year of 20,
which
increases up to a maximum of 100%. Now let's
talk about unlimited reset, that is,
if tomorrow you have a claim due to which
your base sum and your no claim bonus gets
exhausted, then the company restores your base
sum, which you can
use for the same illness. So here the
company is providing you unlimited restoration.
Next is value-added
services, in which the company provides you
with ambulance assistant, health assistant, as well as
deals and discounts at its diagnostic and pharmacy centers.
Next is teleconsultation. If you want, you can
take unlimited teleconsultation with the company's qualified doctor
for your minor ailments. So friends, in this
way we have covered all these features. Now let's
talk about the extra features
that you can get.  The first feature available in the premium plan
is
worldwide coverage. In this, the company is
also providing you international coverage. Yes
friends, you heard it right,
international coverage is also allowed in this plan, but the company has
given some conditions in which the company
says that a maximum continuous cover of 45 days is
available and in the entire year
you get worldwide coverage for only 90 days.
Along with this,
you cannot use the guaranteed bonus for worldwide coverage.
You cannot use the reset benefit.
Non-payable items are not covered in your cover. In
this case, if you are
going for worldwide coverage, pre and post
hospital expenses are not covered.
Also, friends, if you are making a claim, then
yours is not cashless; it
goes into reimbursement, in which you have to
pay the money first and later the health
insurance company gives you your money.
Now let's talk about air ambulance, in this the
company is providing up to some coverage.
Next is home care treatment, in this the
company will provide you home care of up to ₹1 lakh.  It
provides coverage for health care treatment.
Next is Claim Protector. In this, the
company basically provides coverage for non-payable items like
gloves, masks, diaper kits.
Next is Preventive Health
Checkup. In this, the company basically provides you
preventive health checkup up to ₹1000000 every year
on a cashless basis.
For this, you have to visit their centre and you get a
free health checkup on a cashless basis.
Next is Second Medical
Opinion for Critical Illness. If an
insured person suffers from a critical illness, he/
she can
take a second opinion from the company's panel medical practitioner
for the particular critical illness.
Now let's talk about the option covers
available in this product. The first optional cover is
Room Category Cover. If you wish, you
can convert your single private AC room into any room. Accept Sweet
and Above by paying extra premium.
Next is PD Waiting Reduction if you have
any disease like BP, Sugar before taking the policy.
And if you
want a waiting period of only 2 years for all these, then you
can reduce your waiting period by paying an extra premium. Now let's talk about the
waiting period
given in this product. The first waiting period is for
your pre-existing disease,
so the company has given a waiting period of 5 years in this.
Next is the specific
illness waiting period, so here the company has
given a waiting period of 2 years for
specific illnesses like kidney stones, hernia,
piles, cataract. Next is the waiting
period for biological surgery. If you are
undergoing any surgery to reduce your obesity, then the
company is providing coverage for that too,
but with the waiting period of 2
years. Next is the waiting period for
worldwide cover in your policy. If you
take a premium plan, then
your worldwide cover will be covered only after 2 years.
Now let's talk about network hospitals.
ICICI Bank has more than 7500 network
hospitals, so almost all the big hospitals are included
in its network list. In case
you want to get your treatment done in a non-network hospital,
So the company
also has the facility of cashless treatment anywhere, in
which you inform the company 24 hours in
advance, the company
will talk to that particular hospital and will get your treatment done on a
cashless basis, so this is a very good
service which the company is providing to its customers.
Now let's talk about the
premium, here the company has basically
divided its premium into four zones -
Zone A, Zone B, Zone C, Zone D. If
you see here, then in Zone A the company has
kept big cities like Delhi, Mumbai along with cities like Ahmedabad, Surat, Noida, Ghaziabad. In Zone B the company has basically
kept states like Pune, Kolkata, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat. In Zone C the company has
kept cities like Rest of India, Orissa, Maharashtra except Mumbai and Pune, whereas in Zone D the company has kept Rest of
NCR. Friends, this
categorization is basically given on treatment basis, that is,
if you live in Zone C
and get your treatment done there, then
you do not need to pay any copayment,
but if you live in Zone C and are
paying Zone C premium, but in Zone A  If you are getting
your treatment done in Zone A, then
you have to pay a copayment. So, if you are
paying the premium of Zone A, then you can get
treatment done anywhere in Zone B, C, D, there is
no copayment for you. Similarly, if you
live in Zone D and you are getting treatment done anywhere in Zone A, B, C, then there is
no copayment for you. If you
live in Zone B and you are taking the premium of Zone B,
but you are getting your treatment done in Zone A or Zone D, then
you have to pay a
copayment of 8%. If you are
living in Zone C and you are paying the premium of
Zone C, and
if you are getting treatment done
in Zone B, then
you have to pay a copayment of 16%. Now let's talk about the
premium. Here we basically
see the premium of both the variants, Classic and your premium, individual and family floater, which is Rs. 1 crore. So, if we
see here, the highest premium has been given for Zone D.
Zone A has the highest premium next to Zone D,
followed by Zone B.  And the lowest is for Zone C.
Friends, if
you take a multi-year policy together,
like two years or three years, the company offers a discount of
10% to 15%. Also,
friends, if you have
any disease like BP, diabetes, or diabetes before purchasing the policy, the
company can conduct a telemedical examination for you
or a mandatory medical examination. In
these cases, if your mandatory medical examination is completed
and your policy is issued, the
company will bear all the medical costs. However,
if
something goes wrong with your medical and the company does
n't issue you a policy,
you will have to bear all the medical costs. So,
friends, this is how we've covered all the aspects of the product. I hope
you
liked the information. We've included links to the product brochure and
one-pager in the description.
You can go through them if you wish.
We deal with products from all major health insurance companies and also
provide pan-India sales and service. So,
if you're
interested in getting health insurance with us,  So you
can contact on the number given below and if
you have any small health insurance
query then you can ask us in the comment box,
we will try to answer your questions
and in the upcoming video
friends, we will compare this plan with Money Pal Cigna's
Life Time Plan and Care's Advantage
Plan and understand which
plan is better. If you liked the video then
like, share and subscribe.
Thank you.